[electric buzzes]
["This Fffire" intro playing]
["This Fffire" intro continues]
♪ Eyes, burning a way through me ♪
♪ Eyes, destroying so sweetly ♪
♪ Now, there is a fire in me ♪
♪ A fire that burns ♪
♪ This fire is out of control ♪
♪ I'll burn it! I'll burn it! ♪
[music fades]
[electric buzzes]
[Dorio] So wadda we do with him?
Fuckin' Sandy's mine, always has been.
Why's this runt even got it chipped?
[Pilar chuckles] Uninstall's
gonna cost us a hot eddie.
[Maine] Ugh. Lil' spikey shit's
a massive pain in my ass.
How 'bout we flatline him?
The five-finger scav discount'll
work great on his cold, dead body.
We'd still need a ripper for that.
But we'd break even, wouldn't we?
Sure, barely. I suppose.
You hear that? I should just
rip the damn thing off myself.
Maybe then you'd finally learn not to klep
shit that ain't yours, ya piss sniffer.
Please don't get blood all over my room,
-all right?
-[Maine] Stay out of this!
Um, excuse me?
I was the one who found him.
[Maine snarls]
[groans]
-You fucking lied to me?
-[Maine] Shut up!
Now, spit it. The fuck you doin'
parading around in my chrome?
[David groans] Yours?
[Maine] You bet your ass. That's right.
Bought and paid for it. Except my supplier
ghosted once I put down.
'S whatcha get for payin' in advance.
-[Pilar] Gonk move.
-[Maine] Shut it!
She's good people, one of our own.
Just lookin' to make some fast scratch.
She'd been good for it too, up 'til now.
Hold on.
-Huh?
-Your supplier. You mean…
[Maine] Gloria Martinez. That ring a bell?
Well, yeah, she's my mom.
Huh?
So, you're Gloria's brat?
Hell's she thinkin' handin' it
over to you?
She didn't. She died.
-[Maine groans]
-Huh?
Yesterday.
What the fuck?
But I just talked to her two days ago.
What happened? The badges get'er? Or--
It was a car accident.
From some kind of gangoon drive-by…
Got caught in the crossfire.
Nothing to do with the Sandevistan.
Hmm.
-[David grunts]
-[Maine] Hmm.
Tracks why she never buzzed us back.
Condolences, kid. That's tough, but still…
[groans]
[Maine] Don't think for a sec
that makes things free'n'easy for you.
Listen. I had no idea it was yours.
Yeah, I 'member bein' a squirt.
Chippin' all the mil-specchrome
my ma left lyin' around.
Good times, good times.
Christ! This twerp's
clearly got a circ loose!
Back off. He didn't know
what he was doing.
[Maine scoffs]
So you guys… are cyberpunks, aren't you?
What's it to ya?
[David] Let me keep the Sandy.
Can't pay you back just now,
but I'll work it off.
One gig at a time, long as it takes.
[Maine] Not good enough.
Shit's military-grade.
Can't just buy another off the shelf.
[David] Whatever you paid my mom,
I'll get it back.
[Maine] No deal.
I said, no murder.
-[David] Come on! At least
give me a chance!
-[Maine scoffs]
Now that's funny.
I look like I run a preschool to ya?
I'll fire up the Sandevistan.
Bullshit. Toddler like you can't
boot it up without keelin' over.
This toddler's full of surprises.
-Hmm?
-Hmm? No.
Body his size'd sizzle up after two hits.
Try eight. No sizzle.
-Hmm?
C'mon. That's a load of bunk
and we all know it.
Yeah? Okay. Then how about I prove it?
-[Dorio and Pilar groans]
-Whoa. Plant your ass back down.
Yo! Chill out.
Just gonna klep his cig real quick.
Nothin' up my sleeve… See?
Wha--? Huh?
-Aah!
-That makes nine today…
No wait. It's actually ten.
[Pilar] Holy shit! What in the
fast forward fuck was that?
Just give me a chance.
[Maine] A chance, huh? What kind?
Easy. You take me out on a job.
[David] Won't fuck it up.
[intense music playing]
Got quite a pair on ya, I'll give ya that.
Okay, kid. You get one chance.
-[Pilar grunts]
-Oh, great. Here we go again.
I owe it to Gloria, and maybe
the apple don't fall far. Hmm?
You won't regret it.
-Huh? He-- Hey!
-[Maine] Chill.
-Just slotting a tracer.
-[mechanism buzzes]
Wouldn't want you go on AWOL on us.
I ain't gonna run.
[Maine] Yeah, yeah. I heard
that one before. A lot of times.
Be hearin' from me tomorrow.
[David] So, cyberpunks. Those were
the kind of peeps you roll with.
[Lucy] Mm-hm.
-[David] Could've said some--
-[Lucy] Like what?
It's not like I planned this
from the start.
Maine wouldn't shut up about
his prized Sandy goin' missing
and I saw you usin'
an exact same one on the train.
Knew for sure you had his
after the visit to your ripper.
[David] Then thought you'd bat your eyes
at me till they showed.
…Were lying the whole time.
Just go home already.
[David] Yeah.
[door opens]
About your mom…
Sorry for your loss.
[ringing]
Mr. Martinez,
wonderful news. Based on your
exemplary academic performance,
the Arasaka Corporation
has awarded you a scholarship
so that you may return to your studies.
This is an exceptionally rare opportunity
and a great honor. Congratulations.
However,
there is still the matter
of your recent violent behavior
regarding Mr. Tanaka on Academy grounds.
-Now, I spoke with Mr. Tanaka
-[sighs]
and he has graciously agreed
to strike several demerits
from your permanent record
-should you offer an apology.
-[grunts]
-For details, please--
[ringing]
Hmm?
[Maine] Kid, you're up.
[groans]
[rock music playing]
Hey! Over here, kid.
Mornin', sunshine. You ready?
[Kiwi] The data wasn't lying.
He is just a kid.
-Can he keep up?
-Guess we'll see.
Now, now.
I know he's a sweet little thang,
but keep those grubby mitts to yourself.
[Kiwi] Why do we even put up with you?
This one here is Kiwi.
And Dorio and Pilar, you've met.
Make yourself comfy.
-My name is David-- [grunts]
-[Maine] Who asked?
Let's get right down to biz, kid.
Slot the shard.
[mechanism buzzes]
[crowd cheering]
[Maine] Say hello to Arasaka Corpdriver
and bodyguard…
-Maxim.
-[Maxim cheering]
[Maine] We're gonna swipe the nav data
from the limo he rolls around in.
[David] Just the data? Not the car?
[Maine] We klep the ride
and 'Saka's ninjas
swarm us like flies to shit.
So, yeah, just the data.
[David] How?
[Maine] Betting on fights
is this leadhead's sole joy in life.
His ass fills one o' those
seats every weekend.
[grunts]
[Maine] He always puts a fat
stack on the Butcher,
bankin' on that skull-splittin',
uppercut o' hers.
[grunts]
An' he ain't alone. Most peeps show up
just to see her
paint the cage red
with some poor gonk's blood.
Except…
[grunts]
this weekend,
ain't gonna go down like that,
the Butcher's getting butchered
in round one, like a sad sack of meat.
-[bell ringing]
-[crowd cheering]
[David] What makes you so sure?
-[Maine] Just trust me on that.
-[scoffs]
[grunts]
[Maine] Anyway,
He in the habit of drownin' his sorrows
at this one hole-in-the-wall dive.
That's where you make your move.
Few drinks in when he's good'n'greased.
[upbeat music playing]
You nab the key and hand it to Dorio.
She'll forge a copy to pop the lock.
Then we klep the nav data while 'Saka
muscle Maxim's still shitfaced and out.
[device beeping]
But leave that to us,
You just gotta slip the key back
in his socket 'fore he catches on.
That's it. Simple.
-[Kiwi] Hold on…
-[Maine groans]
[Kiwi] His master's calling.
[Maine] Sheesh, bastard can't catch
a break. No rest for the wicked.
-[Maxim sighs]
-[Kiwi] Not good.
-Boss needs him there.
-[Maine] Shit, on his day off?
[Dorio] Data's not copied yet!
[Maine] Fuck! Change of plans, kid.
-Key to the car. Grab it.
-[key clicks]
Becca, trip him up.
-Huh?
-[Dorio] Chop chop, go!
-Aah!
-[grunts] Hey! What the fuck?
-I'm so clumsy. Sorry! [giggles]
-Watch it, bitch! Ooh!
[Maine] Get in. Nab the data
'fore he shows.
How in the hell?
-[Lucy] I'll handle that.
-[grunts]
You get in.
[sighs]
Ahh…
Man…
-[David] You good?
-[device beeping]
Don't talk. Focusing.
Arasaka ICE walls are such
a huge pain in the ass.
Sorry about that, handsome!
Nah. It's no problem, sweetheart.
I'll make it up to you next time. Okay?
Oh? [grunts]
-You, bitch!
-Why are you yelling at me?
-[groans]
-I'm sensitive, you know!
[Kiwi] We're blown.
Target's coming in hot.
-[Maine] Status?
-Just a lil' more.
[Kiwi] Time's up. Cut it!
-Almost…
-[device beeps]
Done.
[David grunts] It won't open!
-[Lucy] The security's back online?
-[David grunts]
-[Kiwi] Like I said, time's up.
-[hitting the window]
-Open up! Now! You, fuck!
-[panics]
-Oh, shit. No way back.
-[Maxim yells]
-Start her up.
-[David] What?
-[Maxim bangs door]
-[Maine] Punch it, kid.
-[banging continues]
-[David] I don't know how to drive!
-[Maxim yells]
-[Maine] Time to learn.
Hey! Hey!
[banging continues]
Get out! Right now!
-[Maine] Show me…
-You're dead, bitch!
…you got what it takes.
-[Maxim] You're gonna regret this!
-[grunts]
-I'll make you and your whole family pay!
Hey! Stop! My car!
[wailing]
[crashing]
Wait! That's my car!
[Maine laughs]
-Sure glad them ain't my wheels.
-[Lucy giggles]
[Maine] Take it straight to Aldo's.
You hash the GPS?
Can't from inside. Got a jammer up,
but encryption's shaky.
They'll snatch our position soon,
unless we find solid cover.
[Maine] Then Aldo's it is.
Should be safe there. On our way.
Ah, fuck, comm's cutting out.
-Do I pull over?
-[Maine] No!
Geo stats ping you,
they'll drop a hit squad on your ass.
Drive like hell!
-[device beeps]
-[David grunts]
-Sending the route.
-Thank you.
[grunts]
-You think we can make it?
-It's up to you now.
[grunts]
-Look at you. You're practically a pro.
-[scoffs]
You think so?
I mean, maybe if autopilot wasn't on.
[scoffs] Whatever.
[Lucy] We've got company.
[David] Huh?
-[evil laugh]
-[David] Tyger Claws?
[Lucy scoffs] Maxim musta
put a bounty out on our new ride.
-That fast?
-That's why we don't fuck with corpos.
-They've got the advantage
down here on bikes.
[Lucy] Hit the highway here.
[Tyger Claws shrieks]
[Tyger Claws 1 in Japanese]
Dead end, choom!
[Tyger Claws 2 in Japanese]
Fucking cowards!
-Stop and fight!
-[indistinct yelling]
[David] Gotta lose these guys.
Shit. Traffic?
[Lucy] Oh, my, my…
Not good.
[David grunts]
[exhales sharply]
Uh… Closin' in on us.
[in Japanese] Slow-ass!
[grunts] Hope you're buckled up!
-[evil laugh]
-[engine revs]
[gasps]
-[grunts]
-[tires screeching]
[screams]
[Tyger Claw 1 in Japanese] Get back here,
you murdering son-of-a-bitch!
-[grunts]
-[tires screeching]
-[crashes]
-[grunts]
[in Japanese] You're dead!
[grunts]
-[engine revs]
-[grunts]
[sighs in relief]
[giggles]
Seems shut tight.
Aldo should be inside.
Well, at least the jammer
is still running stable.
[David] The doors weren't locked?
-[Lucy scoffs] Been unlocked for a while.
-[David sighs]
Stay here. I'll scope it out.
[grunts]
[engine revs from a distance]
[screams]
-[tense music playing]
-[groans]
[in Japanese] Must think you're hot shit.
pullin' a stunt like that.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[groans loudly]
[screams]
Die!
[grunts]
[rock music playing]
[screams]
[grunts]
Ew…
[groans heavily]
Sorry for the wait.
[groans, sighs in relief]
[electric buzzes]
[upbeat music playing]
[Pilar] Yee-ha!
-Yeah!
-[people cheering]
Well, gotta say not bad
for a rookie, rookie.
So, we're cool now?
Sure. Welcome to the crew.
But remember, little man.
[Maine] Ain't no one in this world
you can trust more than yourself.
[scoffs]
Start using us as your crutch,
and you're good as dead.
Mm-hm.
Yeah, got you.
♪ When I look in your eyes
I see all that ♪
Yee-ha!
Check out the precision, chooms!
Fastest fingers in the West.
Not the only thing I heard's
fastest in the west.
-[wry laugh]
-[bottles and dishes clinking]
Spit it. The hell did you say?
[sighs]
Ain't hazin' me!
You wanna take 'em for a test drive?
[evil laugh]
Thanks.
[Maine] Immunoblockers.
Enough to get you through a month.
-And…
-[device beeps]
Here's your cut.
[David] Holy shit!
[Maine] Everybody gets a fair shake.
Only way I operate.
-You still mostly 'ganic?
-Huh?
Save some eds,
then look into uppin' your cyberware.
Meat'n'bone can't keep pace
with a Sandevistan for long.
You've got a point.
Lil' more chrome and ya coulda zero'd
that Tyger Claw no prob…
or any goon out there.
[groans]
It ain't wasted ennies if it makes ya
stronger. That applies to your cyberware…
And also,
to your crew.
[smirks] Yeah, alright.
-[engine revs]
-[Pilar] Oh.
-[tense music playing]
-[crowd murmuring]
Shit…
I believe I was clear when I requested
only the navigation data,
not Arasaka corporate property.
[Maine] You got what you
asked for, didn't you?
What I asked for above all else
was your discretion in the matter.
[Maine] We tried, but you know
how things be sometimes.
Gotta improvise.
It was imperative I learned
Tanaka's routines the places he frequents.
So check the navigation data.
It's all there.
Your joyride puts us back at square one
and Tanaka on high alert.
He's already switched sites.
The data is useless.
Okay, switched and sites for what?
That's not for you to know.
God dammit, man!
How the hell we supposed to do the job
right when you leave us in the dark?
The less you know, the less I risk.
Understand this and understand it fast.
I do not pay you to think.
I pay you to check the boxes off my list.
[Faraday] It is my place
to see the larger picture.
It is yours to listen.
You will do as you're told.
That is how our business is done.
Are we clear?
[Maine scoffs]
Yeah, we're crystal, dawg.
Very good. For now, we'll wait
until he lowers his guard again.
I'll be in touch.
[Maine] Uh-huh. See ya.
Who was that?
Faraday. The middleman
who landed us the gig.
He happens to be a top fixer
around these parts.
Thought you were the big boss
making all the calls.
Nah, I'm the guy who gets shit done.
And he's the one holdin' all the eddies.
Without him and his scratch,
you ain't nothing in this biz.
It's as simple as that.
-[Maine] Don't think too hard about it.
-[sighs]
We celebratin tonight.
Mm.
[funky music playing]
[Pilar cackling]
Hey, baby! What do you say, huh?
-Yo.
-Mm.
Um, sorry, but, who are you?
Remember? Come on, choom.
After all we've been through?
Hmm.
[exhales in disappointment]
Oh, right. Back at the bar.
Yeah. Like my performance?
-Uh, sure. Yeah.
-Mm.
I'm Rebecca. I hear you're joining up
with Maine's crew?
Maybe. Is this carbonated?
[Rebecca] Cheers!
Be seeing you around, then. Bu-bye!
Yeah. See you.
[funky music continues]
Mr. Martinez, hello again.
Is this a good time?
It sounds rather rowdy on your end.
Uh, yeah, but it's fine.
I trust you received
the message that I left?
Yeah, I got it.
Excellent. Now, about your apology to--
Pass this along
to Katsuo for me, would you?
Er, perhaps it's best if you would--
If he wants revenge,
tell that prick I'll be waiting.
But I'm done going easy.
Oh, and you can all kiss my ass!
[call ends]
[funky music continues]
[inhales]
[sighs]
["Let You Down" intro playing]
♪ They will finally feel the flames ♪
♪ Flames that run down through my veins ♪
♪ I will make the city burn ♪
♪ We're now planning to return ♪
♪ Trying so hard to be free ♪
♪ To make you see what I see ♪
♪ Hold on to your wishes ♪
♪ If you can't hold on to me ♪
♪ Forgive me for letting you down ♪
♪ Forgive me for letting you down again ♪
♪ Guess I'm not strong enough ♪
♪ Right now ♪
♪ Oh, my love… ♪
♪ Let you down ♪
♪ Oh, let you down ♪
[music stops]